
I have cloned your Plus1-repo repository.

It can be important to follow specifications. Your proposal did not do
so in a number of ways.

*   You do not have a top-level directory named proposal,
    containing your proposal in a file named proposal-bid.pdf.

    *   You now have this top-level directory, so I can put this file with
        your current proposal bid status there.

    *   in your Project directory, you have a file Plus1Bid.docx. It looks
        like it contains much of what your proposal-bid.pdf file was 
	supposed to contain.

CORRECTION NEEDED:
*   create a file proposal-bid.pdf that contains your
corrected project bid, and make sure that this file is in your
proposal directory.

NEXT ISSUE:
*   It is required that CS 458 projects have a client who is not
    a member of the team; your project will not be accepted without
    this. You needed to provide the name and e-mail of someone *not*
    on your team willing to server as your client for your project,
    *or* include your pitch for why our "volunteer client" should consider
    being your client.

    Your proposal bid is on hold/pending until this is addressed.

    You need to do one of the following for your project to be accepted:

    *   e-mail me the name and e-mail of someone *not* on your team
        who is willing to serve as your client for this project
        AND add this to your revised proposal-bid.pdf,

    or
    
    *   e-mail me your pitch for why the "volunteer client" should consider
        agreeing to be your project's client, AND add this to your
        revised proposal-bid.pdf.

    You need to do one of the above as soon as possible. If
    you send a pitch for the "volunteer client" and it is not
    accepted, note that another CS 458 team may be serving as your client,
    and you would be required to serve as that team's client.

ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT COMMENT:
*   I am assuming that you listed these so-called "main features" here
    as reassurance that this proposed project can be broken up into
    appropriate iterations; note that you will be required to consider
    client input and feedback in determining which user stories will
    be implemented in each project sprint.

I look forward to receiving an e-mail from you as soon as possible
as described above.

Project 1 milestone grade: 3.5 / 5.0

-- Sharon Tuttle
